hey guys this is Jeff with network
fitness today we're gonna over how you
can get some better results for working
on your forearms especially we're
dealing with wrist issues when we do a
lot of only lifting or you do a lot of
handstands those wrists my start you
know hurting you they don't recover
quite as well there's serious of
stretches you can do where you're
pulling your hand this way you can use a
box put your hand down like this and
straighten that on there's a lot of
different things you can do as far as
mobility for stretching and so on you
can also use a rumble roller some of
these other rollers or lacrosse balls
with the bumps on I really dig in work
through those tissues pulling that hand
up to make this process come along a bit
faster there's some things you can do
with a compression strap where you're
taking one of those rubber straps and
wrapping around your lower arm and your
hand to actually get that tissue to
respond a bit better so this is this
video is to show how to do that there
are four different strengths of the
strap there's a yellow one which is the
lightest and a green one and the black
one and an orange one you want to make
sure you use the right density or strap
for your body some of you this black
strap is way too dense for your tissues
in your hand and your lower arm and it's
gonna feel like a vise on the bones
they're not gonna be able to move very
well that's working against you so make
sure you get the right density or strap
for what your body needs when you're
putting these straps on you are to some
degree restricting blood flow so you
don't want to put too tight of a strap
on here but the idea is to put it on
tight enough so we can actually have it
be effective so we're going to put that
strap across the hand first and we're
going to cinch this down by pulling a
strap against itself this can be a bit
tricky to do to yourself because you
don't have anyone else holding that
strap for you but you want to put that
tight enough to where it holds on itself
maybe get two or three wraps around here
and then come up across the back of the
wrist wrap around do a couple of times
around that wrist and then go back
across here you can go across the front
or the back of the wrist either one but
the idea is wrap a couple times get it
started and then come back up across and
a couple times and now I'm going to go
ahead and tuck this in on itself
now this strap is 80 inches long which
might be way too long for some of your
arms some of you have a much smaller
wrist and arms and ideas so 80 inches
going to go around way too many times so
it might be a good idea to cut these
straps in half if you have a smaller
wrist in hand
but now I'm going to go through range
most I'm gonna make a fist I'm gonna
open my fist I'll make a fist and open
my fist I'll bend pulling my wrist in
and out I'll make a circle do any
movements to seem natural with this on
even if it is putting pressure there on
it this way doing push-ups with it
whatever seems natural to you whether
you're going in out closing opening but
when your hand is getting cold it's time
to take the darn thing off you don't
want to cut off circulation to the point
where you do damage these tissues if you
do have a sense of you know pain where
it just hurts like hell take it off
immediately don't leave it on past that
this should be therapeutic it should
actually help things to work when you do
take it off you should feel a flood of
circulation through the area in a good
way this should feel better it should
never hurt if it's painful stop if
you're not a therapist you may injure
yourself by doing this the wrong way if
you have someone professionally working
with you let them do their job they
should know what to do as far as
diagnosing or treating any area if
you're doing it to yourself let your own
sense of pain guide you if you're on
painkillers stop don't do this ever if
you're on painkillers because you've got
to be able to detect if it's helping you
or hurting you it should feel tight it
should feel restrictive but it should
not feel painful once you take it off
things should feel like wow I can
actually move that better there's like a
fluidity with motion that's what we're
looking for the tissues should respond
better when you come back in with this
bumpy roller or lacrosse ball or
anything else and you work into those
tissues there should be nowhere near
sensitive as they were before we're
trying to work in the muscle tissues not
so much the tissues at the joint itself
the ligaments and tendons that attach
here we don't want to damage those
mainly try and keep it focused on the
muscles even the muscles in the hands
you work into the muscles here by
getting in those divots and working it
in but work on the muscle tissue not so
much the tendons and ligaments you do
that you should have your risk for
covering better should f things get in
fat recovering faster after the workouts
and now we can train harder and get
better results good luck